{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25220\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 1.  What specific data retention policies are in place for vehicle data, customer journey data, customer status data, and customer event data? \
2.  What rights do users have under Data Protection Laws regarding their personal data, and how can they exercise these rights? \
3.  Under what circumstances can a user's personal data be transferred outside the EEA, and what safeguards are in place for such transfers? \
4.  What measures are implemented to ensure the security of personal information processed by Honda, and what steps are taken in case of a data breach? \
5.  How does Honda process payment card data, and what are the retention policies for transaction data? \
6.  What information is available to other users through the Honda Connected Car System (CCS) and the My Honda+ app? \
7.  What is the process for deleting or anonymising user data if an account is cancelled or a car is de-enrolled? \
8.  How does Honda balance its legitimate interests with users' privacy rights when processing personal data for analytics and marketing purposes? \
9.  What third-party services does Honda use for data processing, and what are the implications for user data privacy? \
10.  How does Honda handle user consent for marketing communications and market research, and what options do users have to manage their preferences? \
}